.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH EDGERUNNER 1 "JANUARY 2024" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH Edgerunner
edgerunner \- an ncurses based rogue-like where you explore graphs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B edgerunner [-hfsc] [-xyn] [number] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B foo
edgerunner is a rogue-like game built with the ncurses library. During 
the game, the player , represented by '@' has to find exits, represented 
by '%'. The maze is a random planar graph. In order to move, the player 
has to enter a number, corresponding to one of the nodes they can go to. 
The player must also avoid ennemies, represented by '!'. If the ennemy 
manages to reach the player's node, the game will end.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -h
Prints help and exits.
.IP -f
Forces the 'fancy mode' to be turned off. 
.IP -s
Prtins the high scores in stdout and exits (not implemented at the moment)
.IP -c
turns off the colors.
.IP "-x integer"
Overrides the default horizontal distance between nodes.
.IP "-y integer"
Overrides the default vertical distance between nodes.
.IP "-n integer"
Overriddes the default size of the grid used to generate the graphs.
.SH FILES
None at the moment
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued on stderr:
 
(error | warning) null pointer passed at (where)
.RS
IF something goes wrong, prints a trace of the functions where a NULL pointer 
was passed as argument.
.RE
(error | warning) couldn't allocate memory at (where)
.RS
.B Reports malloc errors.
.RE
(error | warning) couldn't reallocate memory at (where)
.RS
.B Reports realloc errors.
.RE
(error | warning) value given not matching expected values (where)
.RS
.B Parameter given to a function doesn't match the parameters that the function accepts.
(error | warning) pointer is not null (where)
.RS
.B Non-null pointer was passed to a function when a null pointer is expected
.SH BUGS
Some display bugs on small screens
.SH AUTHOR
Ivan MULOT-RADOJCIC <https://github.com/k-avi>
